# インサイト - Threads API - ドキュメンテーション - Meta for Developers

[Threads API](/docs/threads)
- 概要
- スタートガイド
- 投稿の作成
- 投稿の取得と発見
- 返信の取得と管理
- 投稿の削除
- プロフィール
- インサイト
- Webhooks
- oEmbed
- ウェブインテント
- トラブルシューティング
- リファレンス
- ツールとリソース
- 更新履歴

[日本語に戻す](/docs/threads/insights/?translation)このドキュメントが更新されました。 
日本語への翻訳がまだ完了していません。 英語の最終更新: 9月24日 
日本語の最終更新: 8月7日 
# Threads Insights API


The Threads Insights API allows you to read the insights from users' own Threads.


### Permissions


The Threads Insights API requires an appropriate access token and permissions based on the node you are targeting. While you are testing, you can easily generate tokens and grant your app permissions by using the Graph API Explorer.


- threads_basic — Required for making any calls to all Threads API endpoints.
- threads_manage_insights — Required for making GET calls to insights endpoints.


### Limitations


- The user insights since and until parameters do not work for dates before April 13, 2024 (Unix timestamp 1712991600).


## Media Insights


To retrieve the available insights metrics, send a GET request to the /{threads-media-id}/insights endpoint with the metric parameter containing a comma-separated list of metrics to be returned.


Note:


- Returned metrics do not capture nested replies' metrics.
- An empty array will be returned for REPOST_FACADE posts because they are posts made by other users.


### Available Metrics

Name Description 
views


The number of times your post was played or displayed.


Note: This metric is in development.


likes


The number of likes on the post.


replies


The number of replies on the post.


Note: When the requested media is a root post, this number includes total replies. If the media is itself a reply, this number includes only direct replies.


reposts


The number of times the post was reposted.


quotes


The number of times the post was quoted.


shares


The number of shares of your Threads posts.


Note: This metric is in development.


### Example Request


```
curl -s -X GET \
  -F "metric=likes,replies" \
	-F "access_token=<THREADS_ACCESS_TOKEN>"
"https://graph.threads.net/v1.0/<THREADS_MEDIA_ID>/insights"
```


### Example Response


```
{
  "data": [
    {
      "name": "likes",
      "period": "lifetime",
      "values": [
        {
          "value": 100
        }
      ],
      "title": "Likes",
      "description": "The number of likes on your post.",
      "id": "<media_id>/insights/likes/lifetime"
    },
    {
      "name": "replies",
      "period": "lifetime",
      "values": [
        {
          "value": 10
        }
      ],
      "title": "Replies",
      "description": "The number of replies on your post.",
      "id": "<media_id>/insights/replies/lifetime"
    }
  ]
}
```


## User Insights


To retrieve the available user insights metrics, send a GET request to the /{threads-user-id}/threads_insights endpoint with the metric parameter, and optionally, the since and until parameters.


User insights are not guaranteed to work before June 1, 2024.


### Parameters

Name Description 
since


Optional.
Used in conjunction with the until parameter to define a range. If you omit since and until, it defaults to a 2-day range: yesterday through today.
Note: The earliest Unix timestamp that can be used is 1712991600, any timestamp before that will be rejected.


Format: Unix Timestamp


until


Optional.
Used in conjunction with the since parameter to define a range. If you omit since and until, it defaults to a 2-day range: yesterday through today.
Note: The earliest Unix timestamp that can be used is 1712991600, any timestamp before that will be rejected.


Format: Unix Timestamp


metric


Required.
A comma-separated list of the metrics to be returned. Must be at least one of the user metrics values.


### User Metrics

Name Response Type Description 
views


Time Series


The number of times your profile was viewed.


likes


Total Value


The  number of likes on your posts.


replies


Total Value


The number of replies on your posts.


Note: This number includes only top-level replies.


reposts


Total Value


The number of times your posts were reposted.


quotes


Total Value


The number of times your posts were quoted.


clicks


Link Total Values


The number of times people clicked on URLs you shared.


followers_count


Total Value


Your total number of followers on Threads.


Note:


- This metric does not support the since and until parameters.
- This metric is not available to Threads profiles that do not have a linked Instagram account.


follower_demographics


Total Value


The demographic characteristics of followers, including countries, cities, and gender distribution.


Note:


- This metric does not support the since and until parameters.
- A Threads profile must have at least 100 followers to fetch this metric.
- This metric is not available to Threads profiles that do not have a linked Instagram account.
- Can only have one breakdown parameter, which must be equal to one of the following values: country, city, age, or gender.


### Example Request


```
curl -s -X GET \
  -F "metric=views" \
  -F "access_token=<ACCESS_TOKEN>" \
"https://graph.threads.net/v1.0/<THREADS_USER_ID>/threads_insights"
```


### Example Time Series Metric Response


```
{
  "data": [
    {
      "name": "views",
      "period": "day",
      "values": [
        {
          "value": 10,
          "end_time": "2024-07-12T08:00:00+0000"
        },
        {
          "value": 20,
          "end_time": "2024-07-15T08:00:00+0000"
        },
        {
          "value": 30,
          "end_time": "2024-07-16T08:00:00+0000"
        }
      ],
      "title": "views",
      "description": "The number of times your profile was viewed.",
      "id": "37602215421583/insights/views/day"
    }
  ]
}
```


### Example Total Value Metric Response


```
{
  "data": [
    {
      "name": "views",
      "period": "day",
      "total_value" : {
        "value": 1
      }
      "title": "views",
      "description": "The number of times your profile was viewed.",
      "id": "37602215421583/insights/views/day"
    }
  ]
}
```


### Example Link Total Value Response


```
{
  "data": [
    {
      "name": "clicks",
      "period": "day",
      "link_total_values": [
        {
          "value": 11,
          "link_url": "https://ai.meta.com/blog/"
        }
      ],
      "title": "clicks",
      "description": "The number of times users clicked on a link.",
      "id": "37602215421583/insights/clicks/day"
    }
  ]
}
```


## Error Codes

Error Description 
ErrorCode::THREADS_API__FEATURE_NOT_AVAILABLE


This user does not have access to this Threads API feature.


Applicable for Threads profiles that do not have a linked Instagram account that attempt to access the followers_count or follower_demographics metrics.

````````